Beyoncé stunned with the night’s most talked-about performance, A Tribe Called Quest delivered the show’s clearest political statement and James Corden’s singalong in a cardboard car fell flat. Below, some of the most memorable moments from the 59th annual Grammy Awards.Personal and archetypal, regal and seemingly intimate, a show of stardom and a show of solidarity, Beyoncé’s Grammy spectacle reaffirmed her achievement on her visual album “Lemonade.” There she was, fleshy and pregnant with twins, perfectly posed, in studio-made images that soon melted into her presence onstage. And then there she was performing, glittering and crowned with a golden headdress. As on “Lemonade,” poetry by Warsan Shire framed “Love Drought” and “Sandcastles” — the songs at the pivotal point of “Lemonade,” from accusation to reconciliation — with thoughts of motherhood through generations, celebrating “the hips that cracked/the deep velvet of your mother and her mother and her mother.” Female dancers in white, also with golden tiaras, gathered around Beyoncé as peers, supplicants, emanations or sharers of a ritual, letting Beyoncé stay relatively still, befitting her pregnancy — though she sat in a chair that tilted back precariously, defying gravity, as she sang, “floating in the air.” The hymnlike “Sandcastles” became a encompassing affirmation that Beyoncé infused with gospel. The summation was in Ms. Shire’s words, “If we’re gonna heal, let it be glorious.” A Tribe Called Quest wasn’t nominated for a Grammy this year — its excellent comeback album was released after the eligibility window closed — but its message was beyond timely for the political moment. The group’s performance of “We the People” — accompanied by Anderson .Paak, Busta Rhymes and Consequence, with Phife Dawg contributing vocals from the heavens — was forceful and pointed, from Busta Rhymes consistently referring to President Trump as “President Agent Orange” to the dozens of people of all backgrounds the group brought onstage to stand with them as they needled a society — and a leader — seemingly preoccupied with exclusion, not inclusion.
